Query Management and Configuration Clean-up for Enterprise 1.9 (#2733)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/enterprise_influxdb/v1.9/administration/configuration.md

This matches a similar behavior that the open source and data node versions of InfluxDB already follow.
{{% /warn %}}

> InfluxDB is configured using the configuration file (`influxdb.conf`) and environment variables.
> If you do not uncomment a configuration option, the system uses its default setting.
> The default value for each configuration setting is shown in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure InfluxDB using the configuration file (`influxdb.conf`) and environment variables.
The default value for each configuration setting is shown in the documentation.
Commented configuration options use the default value.
```

> Configuration settings that specify a duration support the following duration units:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration settings with a duration value support the following duration units:
```

For the Nth Graphite configuration in the configuration file, the relevant
environment variables would be of the form `INFLUXDB_GRAPHITE_(N-1)_BATCH_PENDING`.
For each section of the configuration file the numbering restarts at zero.

### `GOMAXPROCS` environment variable

> 
> > ***Note:*** The GOMAXPROCS environment variable cannot be set using the InfluxDB configuration file settings, like other environment variables.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{% note %}}
_**Note:**_ The GOMAXPROCS environment variable cannot be set using the InfluxDB configuration file settings, like other environment variables.
{{% /note %}}
```

The `GOMAXPROCS` [Go language environment variable](https://golang.org/pkg/runtime/#hdr-Environment_Variables) can be used to set the maximum number of CPUs that can execute simultaneously.

> The default value of `GOMAXPROCS` is the number of CPUs (whatever your operating system considers to be a CPU) that are visible to the program *on startup.* For a 32-core machine, the `GOMAXPROCS` value would be `32`.
> You can override this value to be less than the maximum value, which can be useful in cases where you are running the InfluxDB along with other processes on the same machine and want to ensure that the database doesn't completely starve those processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value of `GOMAXPROCS` is the number of CPUs (whatever your operating system considers to be a CPU)  visible to the program *on startup.* For a 32-core machine, the `GOMAXPROCS` value would be `32`.
You can override this value to be less than the maximum value, which can be useful in cases where you are running the InfluxDB along with other processes on the same machine and want to ensure that the database doesn't completely starve those processes.
```

> 
> > ***Note:***
> > Setting `GOMAXPROCS=1` will eliminate all parallelization.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{% note %}}
_**Note:**_ Setting `GOMAXPROCS=1` eliminates all parallelization.
{{% /note %}}

```

For the Nth Graphite configuration in the configuration file, the relevant
environment variables would be of the form `INFLUXDB_GRAPHITE_(N-1)_BATCH_PENDING`.
For each section of the configuration file the numbering restarts at zero.

### `GOMAXPROCS` environment variable

> 
> > ***Note:*** `GOMAXPROCS` cannot be set using the InfluxDB configuration file.
> > It can only be set as an environment variable.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{% note %}}
_**Note:**_ `GOMAXPROCS` cannot be set using the InfluxDB configuration file.
It can only be set as an environment variable.
{{% /note %}}

```
